we are in Texas with Dennis family and
right now it's just me and the girl you
got my one girl
got my two girls yeah that's right and
mommy's gonna get a haircut Zeke and
Toby the boys are back hanging out with
Grandma we came down here in case you
guys didn't see previous blogs dannis
grandfather passed away last week and so
his funeral we spent Christmas driving
down here to Texas first you know which
a couple days ago the funeral went well
he was a good really nice funeral and I
was good to see all your family and
relatives and stuff again we haven't
seen for a long time
some of them I've never actually been
met before so I finally got to meet some
of your hands and uncles and cousins and
things and then it's a mother sad news
actually my grandfather then passed away
last night so I'm waiting to hear back
from my mom later today what's kind of
going on to his funeral arrangements and
everything but either me or me and Danny
I don't know well to see what happens
we'll be flying from here in Houston to
Pennsylvania for that burial and then
coming back here in order to get our car
and our kids and drive back to
Cincinnati
it's definitely been a very crazy
emotional yeah Christmas season for us
is Hannah pushing you heavy yeah you're
pushing her nice big sister you're
helping out huh so how how you gonna get
your hair cut do you already know did
you look up lots of Google Images this
is Anna does she look so boss at Google
images of Sandra Bullock mostly says
whatever Sandra Bullock's wearing lately
her hair that's what that's what she was
just like Sandra Bullock because she
thinks that a lot of people ik so she
just copies her hairstyle because she
figured she pays lots of money to know
and she just then I'll make it easier by
just copying her and Hannah you're gonna
get your hair cut were you gonna get
your hair cut look like Danny gets a
haircut we are gonna hang out here right
how you gettin tired of sitting in there
waiting for mommy this is gonna be how
these very first haircut and pull and he
could tell supers you like good take
this could be your first haircut yeah
uh-huh
nice hug okay you're so cute Oh a kiss
oh they slapping Atticus it's amazing
yeah
you get your first haircut are you gonna
get your first haircut you just a cute
little girl what's on there I'm he's
here they can I say y'all then cuz you
wanna see it yeah you piss on your Halle
got elephants
and hippopotamus and zebra yeah that's
cool see if you can get her to sit still
Ali sit still
I'm gonna play a mommy's phone Haley
yeah yeah that's your haircut going
Hannah you looking cute I like it is
that too loud Hallie specific is that
loud your hair I'll then getting got
it looks pretty
oh yeah mommy a haircut say mommy
look at my haircut
Ali community
Hana's almost all-time low as it goes
Wow I made a mess okay see straight out
of your hair maybe you should go this
surprise sir I think the surprise with
your haircuts
hey little Toby me and oh you know today
we haven't seen you yet yeah are you
doing pretty good you just hanging out
yeah you talking making game on campus a
P yeah dude you okay that's a GD right
cuz u TP cute little guy yeah so how are
you doing with you okay mr. camp are you
okay I'm doing okay I think it's more so
now like wondering how my grandma's
gonna do mm-hmm no look tonight see if I
can get airfare to go to my
grandfather's burial or not two days
like I think like the main thing that I
keep on thinking is I really really want
to live near family mm-hmm and that's
like I don't know this year's been a
little bit harder and made me really
really want that and and even a year
like we are just makes me desire that
even more a little closer by the mêlée
right now this is a for like yeah I
think I'm doing okay at my grandfather's
stuff I think be like being as memorial
service and I think you know later that
thing can't kick in for me
and the realization will kind of settle
in but until that is kind of like yeah I
think the head knowledge yeah he's gone
okay I won't see him but um you know
holidays and you go home and things like
that
so if I kick in later started and this
one kind of a morbid note for you guys
but it's just kind of what we're
thinking about and
talking about it's a family right now so
we thought share some of it with you
okay little guy is this what you're
talking about - or you just sit there
gonna be a cute little man be a cute
little guy yes I said that
Oh cute little secrets Oh some spit up
here you get that out get that get that
get that get it got it yeah all right
guys well thanks for hanging out and we
will catch up with you guys on Wednesday
New Year's Eve we'll see what happens
there either you'll be here with Deanna
and I will be too
or you might be with me in Pennsylvania
we don't know find out all right what do
you see